com.example.bottommenubar.BaseActivity: BaseActivity()
com.example.bottommenubar.BaseActivity: void goBack(android.view.View)
com.example.bottommenubar.BaseActivity: void goNext(android.view.View)
com.example.bottommenubar.MainActivity
com.example.bottommenubar.MainActivity: MainActivity()
com.example.bottommenubar.MainActivity: void onClick(android.view.View)
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int black
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int bottom_text_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int bottom_text_unselected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int chart_settings_head_item
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int chart_settings_row_item
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int futures_black
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int futures_grey
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int futures_line_light
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int gray
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int main_tab_item_selected_bg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int navigation_bar_bg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int navigation_bar_fg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int nickname
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int trading_red
com.example.bottommenubar.R$color: int white
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int activity_horizontal_margin
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int activity_vertical_margin
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int bottom_bar_height
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int top_bar_height
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int top_goback_width
com.example.bottommenubar.R$dimen: int top_gonext_width
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_about
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_delivery_record
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_futures
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_futures_bill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_recharge
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_secondary_confirm
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_security
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_trading
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_trading_bill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_update
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int account_center_user
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int advice_fb
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int backward
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int bubble_in_main_frame
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int chart_settings_head_item_bg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int chart_settings_row_item_bg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int chart_tool_bar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int contacts_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int contacts_unselected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int dot
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int forward
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int logout_button_state_list
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int message_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int message_unselected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int navigation_button_pressed
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int navigation_button_state_list
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int news_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int news_unselected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int setting_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int setting_switch
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int setting_switch_selected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int setting_switch_state_list
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int setting_unselected
com.example.bottommenubar.R$drawable: int tab_bg
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int MaSetting
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int MacdSetting
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int TimeIntervalSetting
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int TopTabBar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int about_us
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int account_statement
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int back
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int brief_assets
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int buttonbar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_close
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_day_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_day_7
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_em_line
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_ema
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_hour_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_hour_12
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_hour_2
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_hour_4
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_hour_6
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_kdj
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_ma
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_macd
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_minute_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_minute_15
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_minute_3
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_minute_30
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_minute_5
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int chart_tool_bar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int check_for_updates
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int contacts_image
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int contacts_layout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int contacts_text
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int delivery_history
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int feedback_online
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int futures_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int futures_transactions
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int layout_futures_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int layout_nickname
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int layout_trading_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int logout_button
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int main_view_container
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int message_image
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int message_layout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int message_text
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int navigation_title_bar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int net_assets_cny
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int net_assets_cny_label
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int net_assets_label
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int news_image
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int news_layout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int news_text
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int nickname
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int recharge
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int recharge_line
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int secondary_confirm
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int secondary_confirm_layout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int secondary_confirm_line
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int secondary_confirm_tips
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int security_center
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int setting_image
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int setting_layout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int setting_text
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int settings_head_ma
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int settings_head_macd
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int settings_head_time_interval
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int total_assets_cny
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int total_assets_cny_label
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int total_assets_label
com.example.bottommenubar.R$id: int trading_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int activity_main
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int bottom_view
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int contacts_view
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int message_view
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int news_view
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int setting_view
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int view_chart_ma_settings
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int view_chart_macd_settings
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int view_chart_settingbar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$layout: int view_chart_time_interval_settings
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int about_us
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int account_center
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int account_center_futures_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int account_center_trading_account
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int action_settings
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int app_name
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_close
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_close_title
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_day_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_day_3
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_day_7
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_detail
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_em_line
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_ema
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_high_title
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_hour_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_hour_12
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_hour_2
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_hour_4
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_hour_6
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_kdj
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_low_title
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_ma
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_ma_ema
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_macd
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_1
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_15
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_3
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_30
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_5
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_minute_60
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int chart_open_title
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int check_for_updates
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int coin_recharge
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int delivery_history
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int depth_view_in_kline_buy_amount
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int depth_view_in_kline_buy_price
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int depth_view_in_kline_sell_amount
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int depth_view_in_kline_sell_price
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int feedback_online
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int futures_transactions
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int hello
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int logout
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int net_assets
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int secondary_confirm
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int secondary_confirm_tips
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int security_center
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int title_activity_base
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int total_assets
com.example.bottommenubar.R$string: int trading_transactions
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AppTheme
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsBriefArea
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsBriefLabel
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsBriefTitleLabel
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsBriefUnitLabel
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsHelloLabel
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int AssetsNickNameLabel
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsHLine
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsHead
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsHeadIcon
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsHeadItem
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsHeadLine
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsRow
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartSettingsRowItem
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartToolBar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int ChartToolBarTabControl
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int DepthViewInKLineHeaderText
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int Fill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int FuturesLineGreyLight
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int HFill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int HItemFill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int HLineGap
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int HLinearHFill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int LogoutButton
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationBackButton
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationBar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationButton
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationOption
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationOptionContainer
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationTitle
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int NavigationTitleBar
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int Setting
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int SettingContainer
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int SettingSwitch
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int SettingText
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int VLineGap
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int VLinearHFill
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int Wrap
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int main_bottom_bar_image
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int main_bottom_bar_linear
com.example.bottommenubar.R$style: int main_bottom_bar_text
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer: ViewContainer(android.content.Context)
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer: ViewContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer: ViewContainer(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet,int)
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer: void setViewFactory(com.example.bottommenubar.IBottomTabFactory)
com.example.bottommenubar.ViewContainer: android.view.View getCurrentView()
com.example.charttopsetting.TopTabBar
com.example.charttopsetting.TopTabBar: TopTabBar(android.content.Context,android.util.AttributeSet)
com.example.charttopsetting.TopTabBar: void setTopTabIndexFactory(com.example.charttopsetting.ITopTabIndexFactory)
com.example.charttopsetting.TopTabBar: com.example.charttopsetting.TopTabBarSetting getTopTabBarSetting()
